Little beauty, why are you alone at this late hour?
Don’t look at it! He’s still a little pepper!
Hahahaha! Let me be disabled, brother,
How messy is your little mouth?
Help me up quickly!
Shen Zhihan, this is the fourth time, what have you prepared this time?
Shen Zhichi’s Mara, you haven’t caught it for me yet.
It’s time to eat! Otherwise, let him know.
If you don't give it, he'll treat you like a polygastric dog!
I think you are too stubborn to ask me to give it a try.
Who would you try?
Have you ever seen this newsman? The CEO of Daren Loos Automobile?
Mr. Lu? Ah? Mr. Lu! Mr. Lu! Mr. Lu!
The fateful Mr. Lu
This is all done by the Democratic People's Congress and his support for us.
Mr. Lu is doing a good job of saving lives.
Then what did you prepare to do to him just now?
If you go back now, how can you deal with Han Gang?
But Mr. Lin is dead
Did you have a problem just now?
No no
We've all completed our mission, get out of here
Remember Lu video or remember